when it comes to the red carpet
celebrities need to look their best from
head to toe but the visionary behind
their trend-setting looks the one who
finds the clothes assembles the look and
creates a red carpet diva is the stylist
AKA lambda congratulations in dashi oh
you are funny introduce a good news oh
honey introduce you to the new talk oh
let me introduce you to the new Tony
introduced into the new joke oh honey
introduce you to the new tow oh honey
introduce you to the new talk started
real quick Johnny I started when I was
19 I did my first show in Miami and then
from then you know things kind of took
off and I got representation in New York
and then I started doing Fashion Week in
New York and then I did LA Fashion Week
and Here I am today the consequence once
bitten no I paid my dues
hey break a rule that's in da xie
fashion designer to the Stars and from
the versace mansion in South Beach to a
design house in Tampa Bay youngest
fashion designer to show collections in
New York Miami and Los Angeles has been
caught by some the hottest new and
youngest designer in america' joining us
this morning in dashi
a huge night for me it was actually the
the biggest turn-on I've ever had a lot
of cameras flashing and excitement in
loud I'm a pioneer I'm a trendsetter not
a trend follower in dashi oh he has an
incredible level of creativity and a
passion I mean you can see the passion
in his presentation today I absolutely
feel he has incredible energy he is
unique he knew today what an agent was
sitting in the room to dress the part
and I thought it was interesting it's
been it's been an amazing journey like
people always ask me like what does
Adagio mean and dashi Oh means looking
the dreams are feeling it and um like I
couldn't ask for a better life somewhere
we lost after this experience I am NOT
eating that much more determined to work
harder to be better show world that I am
a glam guy
yes the god they're glad God the kid the
one the only the infamous in da Shi Oh
get to know a baby because that's right
I am the future of fashion